README.md, before:

# My Favorites Movies

This repository is about the first project from Udacity Full Stack Development nanodegree. This implements a class called Movie, that build an object necessary to using the fresh_tomatoes.py. This program create dynamically a web page using a list of Movies as input.


## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
1- Python 2.7.1

2- A good browser

3- A terminal
```
## Steps

* You need to run the python program

```
python fresh_tomatoes.py
```

## How to Contribute

Find any typos? Have another resource you think should be included? Contributions are welcome!

First, fork this repository.

Next, clone this repository to your desktop to make changes.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/ericmbf/project1FullStackDevelopment.git
```

Once you've pushed changes to your local repository, you can issue a pull request by clicking on the green pull request icon.

Instead of cloning the repository to your desktop, you can also go to `README.md` in your fork on GitHub.com, hit the Edit button (the button with the pencil) to edit the file in your browser, then hit the `Propose file change` button, and finally make a pull request. 

## License

The contents of this repository are covered under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Insere observação sobre tooltip no readme.

README.md, after:

# My Favorites Movies

This repository is about the first project from Udacity Full Stack Development nanodegree. This implements a class called Movie, that build an object necessary to using the fresh_tomatoes.py. This program create dynamically a web page using a list of Movies as input.

## Features

- A tooltip was insert to demostrate the storyline movie.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
1- Python 2.7.1

2- A good browser

3- A terminal
```
## Steps

* You need to run the python program

```
python fresh_tomatoes.py
```

## How to Contribute

If would like to contribuite com this code, please fork the repository.

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/ericmbf/project1FullStackDevelopment.git
```

## License

The contents of this repository are covered under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
